HP Firmware Update and Recovery

The purpose of the HP Firmware Update and Recovery Utility is to provide a method
for users to flash the system BIOS/ME/other firmware from within the Windows OS environment.


NOTES:
     1. [Path]\HpFirmwareUpdRec -? will display the available options for this utility.
     
     2. If the system has a F10-Setup password enabled, then HpFirmwareUpdRec will prompt
	 for the password to be entered before completing the flash process.

USAGE:
  
     1.	Close all other applications before launching HpFirmwareUpdRec.

     2. Open the folder containing the application and BIOS binary file.  Double-click
        on the HpFirmwareUpdRec icon. 

     3. HpFirmwareUpdRec will inform the user that a Firmware flash is about to occur.

     4. The version of the Firmware image in the binary file and the version of the 
        current system BIOS are displayed. Once OK is selected the system will restart 
        to begin the flash process.

     5.	Upon completion, the user is notified that the Firmware Flash was 
        successful.  Select Restart.

     6.	On restart, you may see the Firmware performing the final update, and the system
        may reset several times before loading the operating system.

     7.	When the system starts Windows, the Firmware update is complete.


ADVANCED USAGE:

     1.	Close all other applications before launching HpFirmwareUpdRec.

     2. On the Windows Task Bar select Start, then Run, and enter 
	the following on the command line:
		[Path]\HpFirmwareUpdRec -f [folder path]

     3. HpFirmwareUpdRec will inform the user that a Firmware Flash is about to occur.

     4.	The version of the Firmware in the [bin file] and the version of the 
	current system BIOS are displayed. Once OK is selected the system will
        restart to begin the flash process.

     5.	Upon completion, the user is notified that the Firmware Flash was 
	successful.  Select Restart.

     6.	On restart, you may see the BIOS performing the final update, and the system
        may reset several times before loading the operating system.

     7.	When the system starts Windows, the Firmware update is complete.



Command Line Options


-f"folder path" Specifies a folder path for tools to scan both inf and bin files.

-ppassword-file Specify encrypted password file created with the HpqPswd utility. Valid with
                all other options.

-s	            Silent mode. Suppresses all output.

-a              Eliminates version comparison when -s is present. It is ignored otherwise. There
                is no log entry or usage dialog if it appears without the silent option.

-b              If BitLocker with TPM is in use, automatically suspend it.

-?              Show the same usage dialog that appears if an invalid command line is detected.
                This options overrides all other options, including -s.



Copyright (c) 2020 HP Development Company, L.P.


Product names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks 
of their respective companies.
